- After about 3 days travel, Drene and the group arrive at the capital, as they walk any non-human/dwarf(called fey) group members are stopped and taken to be interrogated. Probably best to the party members to a different chat ask them a few [questions](https://www.brudnerlaw.com/resources/immigration-interview-questions) and let them in(maybe). The group moves to the place listed on the recruitment papers, on their way the fey of the group no matter their stats feel eyes on them, they feel absolute hate and aggression beamed at them.
	- 1.1 - If the decisions of the party are the side of the Vitan church they will follow a path full of backroads, passing into the "slums" of the city, or at least that’s what their told. After entering though their image of city slums is broken, what was supposed to be dark and filled with suffering poor people, was quite light with people on sitting around talking and offering a kind hello at passing, none seem all that malnourished. As they walk, they stumble on a church like building with people coming and going, they walk in and are welcomed, a man walk to them telling them "We have heard of your coming, Miss. Ellet would like to meet you, follow me"
	- 1.2 - Following the path of the Purists of Mutia they keep on the main roads going not to the "slums" but to a giant church like building at the edge of the main roads. The surrounding of this church seems to be very slum-like almost drained, as the church seems bright, yet the light doesn’t spread. They enter the building, the inside is extremely ornate playing off of the outsides draining brightness and size, it is surprisingly unpopulated for its size, as they walk anyone in the building averts their eyes completely, unless there is fey in which case some start to get up walk towards the party. This is then stopped immediately as the slam of boots marches in and what seems to be 3 infantry men walk towards the party, they stop in front of them and salute "Leader Paul has recreated you're presence please follow"