The strands of the web have never fully reached the island of [[Vivixaris]] , but that didn't stop the mistress of the web. Madame web decided to create her own species, demon-kin, woven by magic thus being near direct links to the web. Placing the demons on [[Vivixaris]] along with the few humans that were already their, the 2 eventually began inbreeding. This inbreeding instilled an extremely powerful, magical mutation on humankind.  Within the Bronchial Tubes of the lungs a filter was developed that allowed for the separation of air and magic, depending on many traits baked within, the individual can control this magic in different way but, its limits are well researched over the years. Their are 5 different types of magic, Fire, Earth, Water, Darkness, and Light, and Their are 3 different types of users Enchanters, Summoners, and Emitters.  Enchanters have the ability to positively influence the magic around them, doing this they can enchant themselves, others, and objects, these interactions are based solely on the intent and type of magic. For example and enchanter may enchant an enemy with fire magic, in this case they might have an extreme burning sensation and experience burns across their body, the more magic used the stronger these burns, eventually causing them to ignite on fire leaving a pile of ash. Summoners can either use magic to create artificial creatures such as golems or robots, these homunculi are than contracted into an item to be summoned as needed. Summoners can also contract with a creature depending on the power of the summoner and their magic used. Emitters are able to emit raw magic in the form of the use of spells, uttering a chant with the image of the spell in their thoughts can do many things. Emitters' spells have been documented for hundreds of years, it doesn't often expand due to the difficulty of creating spells. The language used by  emitter spells have been long lost since the death of the demon king. Summoners are quite limited by the extreme decrease of monsters within the kingdom, but due to that the complexity of homunculi have skyrocket only being limited by the bodies natural limit of magic and the law. Besides the limit of the bodies 