
" 'The Unknown, a void, the home of the gods. It began as the home of 2 Madame Web and the unknown who named his home the gap. From them came the Sun, Morgen, and Moon, Nacht, who each breathed life into a scale making the Earth, Erd, and Sea, Meer. From the Erd molded the land gods Mutia, of the plains, and Uamea, of mountains. From a tear of Meer came Vaituloto of lakes and from Mutia and Vaituloto can Laau of the forest. During this was the birth of Vatu the creator of life and the parent of the humankin.' that's us 'jealous of Madame Web's child the god of the gap made his own Morte, who ruled death.' ah this book doesn't explain the start of Vivixaris and Undaminite, here ill just recite it mysel- oh your already asleep." I tuck my little sister, Venessa, in and give her a kiss on her forehead. Tomorrow ill be a different man, a true Brardas. Tonight ill be getting my mark, a Undaminite tattoo and being able to harness the amazing power it brings, a amazing boost in strength and that's it. As one of the five great houses, families that answer directly to the royal family its laughable, I mean Zialrys can control light and fire and other can control darkness and even the tides.

"Mena! Father asks for you." I hear from downstairs, must be my older sister Nolvene. "Tell him I'll be their soon Nel" I yell back down
Walking through the halls of the mansion is kind of, nostalgic, I mean I've lived here for all 18 years of my life. But something about walking around where I've played since I was 3 is sad, like ill never be able to do this again. These long purple hallways, sprinkled with dots of silver, my fathers terrible sense of decoration. On the door to my fathers office, the best painting in the mansion maybe ever made, a broad purple galaxy, with stars shining on silhouettes of the 6 hero's that killed the demon king over 100 years ago. Their Unique family marks being the only thing seen. From left to right The Star mark of the Brardas House, the sprouting plant mark of the Bayldreot House, The rotting skull of the Tirae house, the moon and sun of the Othi and Zialrys house. But in the middle the biggest silhouette, the Hourglass mark of the Royal house, the Derene family.

The inside of my fathers office is has, like the halls, purple walls, terrible paintings, silver stars, and a big silver desk. 
"Good morning Father, you called"
"Yes Mena, please sit we need to talk."
I don't remember the chairs in his office being this heavy, like they had tons placed on them just for this moment. I sit in front of his desk 


~~Our manor is regarded as the smallest of the five great houses, although I've never really cared much for the size of our manor. Long hallways with purple walls, decorated with unorthodox painting. It's maze like floor plan is quite homey once you get used to it. All the important room are close together. Me, my sister Nolvene, my brother Tudec and our fathers bedroom all clustered into one hallway with our fathers office at the very end. 
Father's office, I hope to have one like it some day. It combines beautiful purple walls with yellow paintings hung up, with silver furniture. My favorite part though is the maroon couch in the corner, I used to crawl over till I noticed the stars on the ceiling for the first time and then day after day I'd stair at them. 
"Good morning father, you called"
"Yes Mena, its a big day please sit down where ever you'd like". I would sit on the couch but it just might be a bit to important of a conversation for that, so pull up a chair to father's silver desk. "You have a lot more paperwork than usual father, is something the matter" "well with the recent demons revolt I've has a lot of work to do". After nearly one hundred years since the death of the demon King the humans and the demons have been living in harmony, until recently. Groups of demons all around the kingdom have begun to attack nobles and adventures unprovoked. "But I can put this away for now and focus on you now" he set his pen for the first time since I entered the room and looked at me. His intense eyes dig into, it's almost nostalgic at this point.
"Soon Otto will be taking you to the Undaminite lab, where Bariel will be waiting for you" I nod my head and turn around to see one of our maids waiting for me. Otto, she's been with me since I was born although she was only 4. The reason why I have a lady's maid hurts to think about. Although i still don't understand why my sister Nolvene wasn't assigned one as the only... No I can't cry, ill just follow Otto. 
The Undaminite lab, before the death of the demon king humankind found a mineral of the same name. This mineral gave those who marked their skins with it powers, not of this world powers. After the kings death, nobles claimed specific marks known as family marks, that way the most powerful design would stay away from the public. The lab is not only where research is done it's also where people are marked, noble homes even have their own lab and research teams. The air of the lab is stuffy and claustrophobic when compared to the hallways that lead to it. The darkness of the room hides the chair and equipment that is used to mark. The green glow of the bottles of Undaminite brightens the room just enough for me to see my brother hiding in the corner. "Mena! happy birthday!" he puts down the bag he was carrying down and comes in to hug me, I don't know why but something feels wrong, like I need to keep him close or else ill lose him. "As adorable sibling love is, I'm on a bit of a time crunch so if we could get you prepped and under quickly please" Bariel, the royal tattooist, I've never personally met him but I've heard very neutral stories about him. He's always on a time crunch and leaves before you even wake up from the procedure, but otherwise he is quite nice and gentle.
"Oh alright, ill give you your birthday present after the procedure. Oh and just a word of advise plug you nose when eat the Bolwarra"
Bariel directs me to lay on the chair and drink a bottle of crushed up Bolwarra. Night Bolwarra a plant that can quickly put someone to sleep when its powdered form is ingested. I wonder ho...w qui...ly Th…~~

The cement under Mena was cold, enough to make him shiver, completely unlike the luke-warm chair he was laying on before. As his eyes open, clouded but working, his back stinging from the procedure. His eyes sting from the bright light coming from the ceiling, but he could see well enough for the figure in the middle of the room to come into view. Climbing onto his feet his legs begin to sting just as bad as his back, looking down he can see ink, a healing mark. His arms seem to have marks as well, pain taking over his thoughts he is unable to put together what happened while he was under. Overwhelmed he stumbles to the figure laying down in the middle of the room, looking for something to escape to, a distraction from the pain. Only to find more pain, removing a black bag from what he now realizes is a corpse. He recognizes the body, but he cant process it, its too much. Without even being able to think a tear falls, his head falls onto the body of his beloved brother all he can do is cry, he tires to say he's sorry but all that comes out is a whine. His head goes fuzzy, he hugs the bag realizing it was his birthday present. A voice cut off his whines "Ah your awake, well about damn time" only being able to work off instinct his grip tightens on the bag and his brother. "Now you may call me the Hood, Mr. Brardas, will you please come with me" grabbing Mena by his shirt and dragging him off his brother and out of the room.