
An adventure, enviable and honorable. A mismatched group, yet still loyal. With the god of the peaceful DaemonKin decent into madness the gods needed a hero, one sent from the ever powerfull First continent of Helion. A blasphemer who stole from the dead sand god, is the 'Hero' that was chosen. The 'Hero' made his way to the second continent of Vivixaris, were he met with the rest of the gods chosen for his adventure. 

The twins chosen of the Sun and the moon, lit their way. The forest bested by the chosen of the daemon of the forest, the Mente. An army risen by the chosen of the dead. The chosen of the stars, lead their way to the Daemon Kings castle. A long journey it may have been, but they still succeeded, although a god cant be killed by the hands of a mortal. Instead his own magic used against him, the chosen of the stars, sacrificing his own 2 eyes, seals the god into his own evil cauldron. The great sword of the chosen of the forest, swung unto the cauldron. Their names have been cemented into the history of Vivixaris since than. The 'Hero' from the second continent Narder Derene, the gods chosen and immortals wanderer. The chosen of the sun Baecos Zialrys and her twin the Chosen of the Moon Spyte Othi, the generals of Vivixaris. The chosen of the forest Theran Bayldreot, leader of the Mente. Deaths Chosen Adum Tirae, the unknown savior of the Forma. And The chosen of the Stars, Saeclus Brardas, right hand man to the king, and the unsung hero of the Vivixaris continent. 

Or at least that's how the stories goes.


"Nard you fucking dumbass, you cant eat that" Saeclus says slapping a Night Bolwarra out of Narder's hand. Narder's stomach rumbles as the sleeping flower falls to the ground, and his face begins to sulk. "Alright, Alright you don't need to sulk, here have a bite of porridge, than we'll head in", the great hero party, on the steps to Daemon Kings hall, decides to have a meal. Finishing their meal, Theran Bayldreot smashes the giant doors, walking into the hell that is a gods domain. The hall of the mad god, flushed with darkness, the twins light it up. Able to see the horror the 6, reel back. Bodies hang from the walls like paintings, some freshly dead, some bone. Puddles of blood congregate from the hung bodies, each drop prompting a feral daemon to come and lap the puddle up. Watching their steps the party march forward, the twins leading the way as Theran watches the back. The long humid hallway reeks of rot, but they must move on. 