"being connected to the great web of magic common but amazing thing, something that is often taken for granted. But when your thread corrupts one can go mad, you can recall the greatness of magic but your mad brain wishes to cut it, cut the string of your life remove their filth from the great web. Only you should have the privilege of string, only i can use it to its fullest. They, they are just imposters to my greatness, my power! i am the true god of magic, direct son of the web and i order you to die! " - Mad god's monologue to Narder Derene's party

### ﻿﻿History
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The god of magic, Madame Web, one of the primordial gods who created the great web of the gods. She took great pride and care with the many of galaxies in her web, she took meticulous care in crafting each worlds unique web. Her first world though, didn't contain the same level of finesse and experience, causing a jumbled, barely working mess. To fix this she created a race that she called the Daemonkin, the maintenance of the web, and their father the Daemonkin. on both continent of the original world they went to work, until the fear of the first continent drove them away. secluded on the second continent they were able to make peace with the Vivixarian Humans.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Centuries untangling and maintaining string, the Daemonkin never realized he needed to maintain his own connection to the web, the gold ribbon tied around his left pinky finger began to darken. The more he secluded himself neglecting others, and himself the darker his string became. Eventually he grew mad, being the father of the Daemonkin their threads blackened going mad themselves.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With such a powerfully being corrupting web of the entire Vivixarian continent became corrupted. Humans, the ever adaptable, adapted this corrupt magic. They found out that the web is just a straw delivering the magic, " the magic is corrupt, not the web" they thought.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Normally mages use clean arcane to ignite their words or magical components and cast spells, resulting in no adverse affects. On the continent of Vivxaris, a large, squarish, dessert land surround by all sides by mountain range funneling into a stretch of beach. The land was originally settled by an escaped colony of slaves, ranging from Humans, Elves, even Orks (ones that release themselves from there grip of murder). Long after the Daemonkin and their King were driven out of Helion. They were welcomed on Vivxaris but after the fall of the Daemonkin it was attempted to drive them but the Daemon-King took half of the kingdom turning it into his domain, descending into the god of madness. With such a powerful but corrupt being, the entire continents' web connection corrupted as well. Over the time between the fall of the mad god and modern age, the city on top of the corrupt continent, Tercemar, recovers, and grows, taking up the entire continent of Vivxaris.
### Basics
~~&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The corrupt magic on Vivxaris has been split into 2 parts, the blackened magic, known as the arcane, and the straw delivering the corrupt magic, known as the life thread.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The city of Tercemar has adapted to using the corrupt arcane on their continent. Thieve combined the arcane with their own blood, cleansing the arcane, but they could never fix the damage dealt to he continent, they are forced to bleed every time they cast a spell. This technique seemed to work, but in the end it only slowed that maddens setting in and continued to corrupt the continent. Instead they combined their blood with threads of life, while this removed the madness of regular or even blood magic, it is significantly weaker.~~
#### Life Thread and Marked
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Your life thread is connected to you're pinky, in order to use the thread it must be disconnected form your pinky. Due to not being able to see threads without being marked their are to way to remove the thread: Removing your pinky or having someone who can see threads untie it. Once your thread is removed it is then weaved within your skin. This type of skin stitching allows for the use of your personal magic, the magic gathered/accustomed to your body. This allows perfect control to the magic within in you body, and purify any mana absorbed. Their is always some differences between individual magic, Some can augment their strength, some can influence the elements around them, and very rarely some can open rifts to other dimension to someone a creature to do their bidding
   - A Marked with the ability to **augment** their physicality can increase their strength, others can increase the toughness of their skin, and some may even be able to coat their attacks with magic inflicting some kind of status effect.
   - A Marked with the ability to **Influence** their surroundings may be able to control things of a certain element, be it the earth they stand on, air they breath, water they drink, or even the fire their scared of. Some may rarely even have the ability to influence the minds of other making them bend to their will.
   - A Marked with the ability to Open **Rifts** is extremely rare, on top of that it requires a lot of training and bonding between the marked and the summon. The rift they open is fixed, as well as the summon, but 1 out of 100 Rift Marked don't summon but can instead walk through their rift can walk out a short distance away.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There can often be multiple marked with he same power but differences in strengths, drawbacks, range, power, etc...
##### Stich Wreathes
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Each and every person has two life threads, one on each pinky. Disconnecting one thread severs your connection to the web, disconnecting both threads kills you. When death comes your threads don't disappear, these are called  wreathes.  Stich wreathes are a rare and dangerous type of marked that wander stealing wreathes or killing for them, stitching them into themselves. The marks they obtain the madder they go, eventually they succumb to the mad god and begin to transform into maddened Daemonkin. 
#### Blood Magic and Liches