I've been waiting for this day for years, my 18th birthday.   As the youngest of my family Im the last to turn 18, the last to get my marking. I hail from a quite traditional family, my sister was married right after her 18th, our brother will take upon our household when our father passes. Thus it is a tradition along with the rest of the kingdom to get your first marking, or magical tattoo at the age of 18. My family's specific mark is that of a 5 pointed star, large across the back, with each point pointing to a limb of you body. As far as I know it only gives a pretty heavy strength boost, although you do certainly look the part the next day.
"Mena! Father asks for you."
Ah that's my sister, Nolvene, she's the one who got married after turning 18. "Tell him I'll be their soon Nel". We usually call her Nel, Nolvene is to long and Nol doesn't roll off the tounge as well. Unlike with Nolvene we usually call our oldest brother, Tudec l, tod just to mess with him.
"Good morning father, you called"
I've always loved father's office, I hope to have one like it some day. It combines beautiful purple walls with yellow paintings hung up, with silver furniture. My favorite part though is the maroon couch in the corner, I used to crawl over till I noticed the stars on the ceiling for the first time and then day after day id stair at them. "Yes Mena, its a big day please sit down where ever you'd like". I would sit on the couch but it just might be a bit to important of a conversation for that, so pull up a chair to father's silver desk. "You have a lot more paperwork than usual father, is something the matter", "ah well it's quite obvious isn't it, I've been to busy planning today after all. So Mena you're appointment is in just about an hour, but before that is their anything that you'd like to do.". This was possibly one of the easiest questions I've ever had to answer, the answer was escaping my mouth before father could even finish the question "Id like to spar with Tudec!". "I figured you'd say that"  declares a man standing in the door frame "Tudec!"
Finally! I've been waiting my whole life to finally spar with Brother Tudec. Right years ago father had hired a private tutor, besides curriculum schooling she taught how to weld a sword. When I was 14 though I went behind my back and learned a different weapon, a chain scythe. My father doesn't know nor will he approve if he does, flashy flourishing weapons like that lead to cassualities, he'd always say.  After 4 years of training I feel ready, I'm going to surprise Father and Brother Tudec. "Here's your wooden chain scythe matter" my maid, Ottilia, hands me two wooden scythes connected via a metal chain "Thanks Ott, you made sure father didn't see them right.