Our manor is regarded as the smallest of the five great houses, although I've never really cared much for the size of our manor. Long hallways with purple walls, decorated with unorthodox painting. It's maze like floor plan is quite homey once you get used to it. All the important room are close together. Me, my sister Nolvene, my brother Tudec and our fathers bedroom all clustered into one hallway with our fathers office at the very end. 
Father's office, I hope to have one like it some day. It combines beautiful purple walls with yellow paintings hung up, with silver furniture. My favorite part though is the maroon couch in the corner, I used to crawl over till I noticed the stars on the ceiling for the first time and then day after day I'd stair at them. 
"Good morning father, you called"
"Yes Mena, its a big day please sit down where ever you'd like". I would sit on the couch but it just might be a bit to important of a conversation for that, so pull up a chair to father's silver desk. "You have a lot more paperwork than usual father, is something the matter" "well with the recent demons revolt I've has a lot of work to do". After nearly one hundred years since the death of the demon King the humans and the demons have been living in harmony, until recently. Groups of demons all around the kingdom have begun to attack nobles and adventures unprovoked. "But I can put this away for now and focus on you now" he set his pen for the first time since I entered the room and looked at me. His intense eyes dig into, it's almost nostalgic at this point.
"Soon Otto will be taking you to the Undaminite lab, where Bariel will be waiting for you" I nod my head and turn around to see one of our maids waiting for me. Otto, she's been with me since I was born although she was only 4. The reason why I have a lady's maid hurts to think about. Although i still don't understand why my sister Nolvene wasn't assigned one as the only... No I can't cry, ill just follow Otto. 
The Undaminite lab, before the death of the demon king humankind found a mineral of the same name. This mineral gave those who marked their skins with it powers, not of this world powers. After the kings death, nobles claimed specific marks known as family marks, that way the most powerful design would stay away from the public. The lab is not only where research is done it's also where people are marked, noble homes even have their own lab and research teams. The air of the lab is stuffy and claustrophobic when compared to the hallways that lead to it. The darkness of the room hides the chair and equipment that is used to mark. The green glow of the bottles of Undaminite brightens the room just enough for me to see my brother hiding in the corner. "Mena! happy birthday!" he puts down the bag he was carrying down and comes in to hug me, I don't know why but something feels wrong, like I need to keep him close or else ill lose him. "As adorable sibling love is, I'm on a bit of a time crunch so if we could get you prepped and under quickly please" Bariel, the royal tattooist, I've never personally met him but I've heard very neutral stories about him. He's always on a time crunch and leaves before you even wake up from the procedure, but otherwise he is quite nice and gentle.
"Oh alright, ill give you your birthday present after the procedure. Oh and just a word of advise plug you nose when eat the Bolwarra"
Bariel directs me to lay on the chair and drink a bottle of crushed up Bolwarra. Night Bolwarra a plant that can quickly put someone to sleep when its powdered form is ingested. I wonder ho...w qui...ly Th…